OK so let's go ahead and continue anyway.
So we have this input field that says disabled and says disabled input so what is the value of disabled
input at the moment it's full so the input is not disabled.
Henceforth we can basically enter our test text so all of our enter it doesn't nothing will happen of
course because we didn't configure any logic for that.
But if we go into the app component and if we basically says disabled input falls and if we change this
to true and save it wait for the page to reload.
And this is what I want you to be doing.
Basically go ahead and change things change as many things as you want in as many things as you can
and see what happens.
So as you can see other as you can see we can type something in here we can well we can tap into the
other ones but we can type in something here.
But look here where it says enter your text and the first one we can't do anything in the blue.
And sure this one no and this one.
So the first row has been stable completely but at this one we can type in whatever we want because
these have not been disabled but the input and top ones has been disabled.
Now why did we.
Why is the important symbol for for all three of these.
I just want to disable it for one.
What happened.
This is something that's a little bit unpredictable.
Well not really.
Look all three of these are dependent on exactly the same variable.
So regardless of whether or not it's a method here or whether or not it's a bull is just a boolean value
here.
It doesn't matter.
This method returns this boolean value so in turn it's the same.
So these three inputs which correspond to the first three inputs from left to right in the first row
their input has been disabled completely and that does not work anymore.
So if we change this to false and save it just go ahead and wait for this to recompile.
OK so now we can once again enter our tech test.
Our text sorry not just.
And if we come down to this line if you remember I stated that I would explain what this is.
So I can just reload the site and quickly here.
So this one by default is test why the value is equal to current user data username.
So this is still we're still doing.
We're still doing pretty much the same thing property bindings so you can do that also for the value
and if the value of this field is current user that user name that means that the value will be just
because it will return the user name.
But then we have the placeholder equals to enter your text.
And if we delete this you will see enter your text appear.
So that's that's that's what's going on here.
These last these last two snippets of code.
I just want to show you that logic and why is that there and what happens there.
And lastly we have these last two lines here where we explained some sort of coloration.
So as I said we have blue dash B.G. which has been whose bullion that we are binding to it has been
defined here.
Let me just see where it is so is blue Biji.
Boolean equals true.
So will it be blue.
Yes it will be blue.
So enter a text how do we know that it's blue.
Well have a look around.
We've stated that that was the very first line that we have changed.
It says blue dash B.G. background color.
It's blue.
So please go ahead and change these things and try to change the colors.
It should be fairly simple.
I mean type in something else here and see what happens.
In fact let's go ahead and just
screen
K which was kind of faster I did four course and eight weeks of RAM but it's still kind of slow.
Anyway it says enter your text but now it's green.
So these are the these are the sort of changes that I want you to play around with and don't just wait
for me to tell you what to change go and change things on your own.
I mean what is the worst that can happen.
You can just break the site but who cares you're just testing it anyway.
So Baloo you can do pretty much whatever you want there play around with it and see what happens what
sort of results do you get.
OK so going back here it says Down below styled or background color and this actually we're actually
passing the name of the color that we.
So you see there's background color and you can relate this to this.
It's as background color.
So in this particular case they don't have much to do with each other but here he said styled art background
color and then you assigned the name of the color that you would like.
So it's basically the string is equal to red.
So B.G. color is our string that we are binding here and says B.G. color so it's red.
Therefore this input field will be red item if I change it to gray.
Let's see Will this work.
Yup it works.
So as you can see the field the field color has changed.
Now it is gray.
So that should be it.
Yep that is the last line.
Anyway once again please please change as many things as you can and then observe the effect of your
change on the site itself.
I'm literally begging you to do that anyway.
I'm going to go ahead and bid you farewell here and I'll see you in the next tutorial.